>> Speaker 1: Martin's asking
what's needed to get the preact to
work on the server side.
>> Brian Holt: Just go
check out the preact docs.
>> Speaker 1: There was a comment,
or a question that flew by and
I can't find it anymore.
>> Speaker 3: It's about VOO.
>> Brian Holt: What?
>> Speaker 3: VOO.
I mean,
you already said your thoughts on VOO.
>> Speaker 1: No,
it was about what starter kits
>> Brian Holt: I don't use starter kits.
I like.
>> Speaker 1: Do you
have any recommendations?
>> Brian Holt: Other
than create react apps,
that's one I probably should have
touched on a little bit more.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Creat react app is from
the react team.
And basically, all that tooling that
we spent all this time talking about,
it takes care of all of that for you.
So it takes care of web pack Babel hot
module reload, which we didn't do in here.
And it just automatically sets that up for
you and just auto generates all of it.
It builds for production,
it builds for development.
You can run on just Create React App for
a long time but it has no configuration.
The cool part about create React app is
as soon as you're done, I don't know,
I guess I can show you.
If I say npm, all right,
>> Brian Holt: npm
install --global create-react
app
>> Brian Holt: And
then I say create-react-app test.
It's going to scaffold up a project for
me.
Much like Yeoman or
the Rails Generator or whatever.
It's going to download
all of my dependencies,
it's gonna set up a basic
like hello world.
And it should just pop up my browser
with my hello, world already working.
The moment you have grown beyond
what Create React app does for you,
you run npm run eject.
It then ejects all the configuration
files, removes itself from the project,
and then you're on your own to
manage your own configurations.
Super slick, it's an amazing way
to get started building an App.
It's a good way to get started, and then,
after you have learned all the tools,
as well, it's a really good way to
just not have to deal with the tools.
>> Speaker 3: It's also a good way to,
kind of,
take a look at best practices of today.
>> Brian Holt: Like,
what the Facebook Team is actually doing.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, exactly.
Checking out Yeah.
Exactly what they're doing and some of the
things, like why they're changing venues.
For instance,
they're trying to get support for
progressive web apps out of the box,
stuff like that.
But you can always eject
from createrep app,
take a look at their settings, and
put it into your project, too.
>> Brian Holt: Yup.
>> Speaker 1: Do you
have any suggestions or
opinion on using directories
to organize your React app?
>> Brian Holt: I'm
terrible at organization.
And I assert that everyone is
terrible at code organization.
Actually the react router has some pretty
good examples of core organization just
like with the really examples.
So one might consider checking that out.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah that
looks great we do npm star.t
>> Brian Holt: cd text npm start.
>> Brian Holt: So there we go.
This is all just scuffle
that I would format and
do anything,
>> Brian Holt: And
if you go into this directory,
cd test sublime You
can see here it has the package.json for
you.
Pretty barebones.
Has an app, has a css index.
All this stuff for you just built in.
Public directory to
serve your favicon from.
All that stuff,
it's just kind of built out for
you
>> Brian Holt: Then if you look here,
as soon as I run npm run eject,
let's just do that for fun.
Keep in mind run eject is a one way
street or one way ticket, right.
You can't uneject once you eject So,
just be careful about that,
This action is permanent, yes.
>> Brian Holt: So
now look at everything that it added.
>> Brian Holt: So-
>> Speaker 1: Some folks are also
wondering what your thoughts
are on React Boilerplate.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, no,
Max Stoiber writes that.
Super smart guy, so that's another
good place to look for best practices.
It includes a lot as well.
To articulate why I don't
typically start with a boiler
plate is I think it abstracts away some of
the things that you need to understand.
And it's a good thing to
Dip your toe in real quick.
Is this something I like or not.
But if you like it you
really should go back and
build something from scratch learning
all the different pieces of it.
Otherwise you are like I said
going to resent your tools and
If you resent your tools and
they are not useful to you?
So it pays dividends to know
what your tools are doing.
So that's why I do that.
What is going on with,
all right there, okay.
>> Speaker 3: It's still npm-installing.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah.
>> Speaker 3: I love the shirt.
I think it's Todd Motto
that has the shirt.
It's npm-install and chill.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah right.
>> Speaker 3: It's in the Netflix font.
>> Brian Holt: The Netflix font.
>> Speaker 1: [LAUGH] That's cool.
>> Speaker 3: npm-install and chill.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
if we go back in here,
you can see that there's
a bunch more stuff in here.
Sorry, that's the wrong file.
This one.
There's a whole config directory now,
that there's the m configuration,
paths, polifils, webpack config for
dev, webpack and fill for
prod there's adjust config,
>> Brian Holt: Bunch of stuff.
So it does a bunch of stuff for you.
>> Speaker 3: And it's also a great
way to eject from like we said,
and take a look at the settings, and-
>> Brian Holt: Absolutely.
>> Speaker 3: Decide which ones are right
for your project and pull them in.
>> Brian Holt: Yep.